The Prefect Polo
told everyone and everybody
to be careful that their four嗯
your eyes areAn
That's right!
One-way, two-way, three-way
The train is all-terrain, all-terrain on the right
Thank you for the seven-day train ticket
Bring your business card and ticket
Kabore, Kabore, Osaka Kabore, Osaka Kabore
O-tei, O-tei, the train is all-terrain
The day of love is coming
To the east, to the west
Chachachan, chachachan, machan
In every corner
A flower blooms with a clear smile
Chachachan, chachachan, machan
That's right!
One-way, two-way, three-way
The train is all-terrain, all-terrain on the right
Thank you for the seven-day train ticket
Bring your business card and ticket
Thank you for watching!